[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're gonna run through the original
puppet master let's get to it the movie
opens at the Bodega Bay Inn in 1939 but
don't remember that because the timeline
of this universe gets eviscerated as the
series moves along we get some shots of
puppets overlaid with classy ass music
playing in the background while the
master gently dry brushes the face of
his newest and final creation these
shots are interspersed with a frenetic
POV sequence showing one of his apparent
creations observing some questionable
men arriving at the hotel it
subsequently heads upstairs to provide
warning in a series of shots that are
cool if you don't think too much about
how no one around is seeing the puppet
Oh finally the puppet arrives just in
time to be lovingly packed in the chest
Toulon is actively hiding in a void
behind the wall he already knows the men
have arrived and being next on the list
is allowed by death to swallow a bullet
the two soldiers arrive and observe his
corpse in a way that makes us unsure
that they even know why they were
supposed to be there we cut to the Yale
University present day just in time to
observe Alex's prescient nightmare he
sees a man with a Luger just like the
man in the opening scene and then
notices a weeping wound on his abdomen
turns out it's just slugs put them in
your garden bro we then cut around to
meet some other characters like Dana
presently engaged in providing a
half-assed reading to Barbara Crampton
who clearly deserves better than this
turd in the midst of this she has a
legit vision
[Music]
which unfortunately means that to
fulfill the Randi challenge someone's
got a doubting cut to New York City to
meet Frank and charissa working at a
thought experiment lab the pervy kind
boring Frank's business hours wank
session is interrupted by a cryptic
phone call puppet master old witch
meeting etc this was all he needed to
hear in the entire group winds up at the
bodega Bayon for a reunion of sorts they
are initially under the impression that
they were invited there by Neil who they
are surprised discovers both married to
Megan and dead
so was married to make it some strange
magic must be at work because he
apparently shot himself it has been dead
for an unstated amount of time but still
isn't open casket his last wish was to
await their arrival before burial this
was just a day trip before retiring to
their rooms Dana decides to verify
Neil's deadness and then they're off
while they find their way to their
accommodations this guy pops out wet
where were you after settling into their
rooms they have a nice dinner which
provides the perfect opportunity to shed
a little light on whiner there we find
out Neil likely married Megan for her
familial ties to the hotel construction
started on a remodel to a point and then
stopped suddenly likely as a result of
him finding what they all want the
puppet masters secrets during the course
of dinner Dana manages to get a few
shots in on Neil no she's nestled oh
okay then
Alex provides the finishing expositional
touches as he explains the secret
involves an Egyptian ritual that
animates inanimate objects that night
the caretaker has little cat-and-mouse
game between the fireplace and piano
resulting in getting poked with extreme
prejudice
later screams seemed to indicate they
found her but instead we see that Neil's
here not much just chilling back in
their respective rooms Frank and Chris
get down to business
ooh sexy a sequence of POV shots lets us
know the puppets are active when
christen notices an open door she
investigates she observes this drill
headed puppet and in the interest of
science continues to observe him all the
way up to the point where he then
penetrates her face Frank then gets his
as this tiny wooden seductress works the
nipple and then vomits slugs onto his
torso it's a slug boss
Dana is accosted in the elevator by tiny
and never seems sufficiently surprised
about the situation in which she finds
herself which is too bad because between
the combination of baby hands and the
blade master she gets pummeled in her
throat is slit in the
her story meanwhile alex is having
another multi-tier dream which becomes
reality as he and Megan find tool ins
journal they head to the dining room to
break bread and fellowship where we find
Neill up and moving revealing his
ultimate plan I want to live
Alex manages to trap him in the elevator
where the puppets go to work giving him
an aggressive head massage and drilling
him in the neck showing off their key
strength their victims unwillingness to
take action in their presence we end
with Alex heading home while Meghan
remains behind with her newly reanimated
puppy implying she's a puppet master and
opening the possibility of a sequel and
that's puppet master come back for more
nazi murders new improved puppets that
are actually old as we try to make sense
of the series convoluted timeline thanks
for watching